{'answer-text': 'Indigenous', 'context': "Character/s is Chilawee and Chikanee . Species is Beaver . Author is Grey Owl . Work is The Adventures of Sajo and her Beaver People . Notes is Two young beavers , Chilawee and Chikanee , adopted by Sajo , an Ojibwe First Nations girl . The Adventures of Sajo and her Beaver People is a 1935 children 's adventure novel , written and illustrated by Canadian author Grey Owl . It was based on real-life events . The novel became a bestseller , and contributed to drawing half a million people to Grey Owl 's lectures in the late 1930s . Within five years of its publication , it was translated into many European languages , including Polish and Russian . The beaver ( genus Castor ) is a large , primarily nocturnal , semiaquatic rodent . Castor includes two extant species , the North American beaver ( Castor canadensis ) ( native to North America ) and Eurasian beaver ( Castor fiber ) ( Eurasia ) . Beavers are known for building dams , canals , and lodges ( homes ) . They are the second-largest rodent in the world ( after the capybara ) . Their colonies create one or more dams to provide still , deep water to protect against predators , and to float food and building material . The North American beaver population was once more than 60 million , but as of 1988 was 6-12 million . This population decline is the result of extensive hunting for fur , for glands used as medicine and perfume , and because the beavers ' harvesting of trees and flooding of waterways may interfere with other land uses . In Canada , the First Nations ( French : Premières Nations [ pʁəmjɛʁ nɑsjɔ̃ ] ) are the predominant indigenous peoples in Canada south of the Arctic Circle . Those in the Arctic area are distinct and known as Inuit . The Métis , another distinct ethnicity , developed after European contact and relations primarily between First Nations people and Europeans . There are 634 recognized First Nations governments or bands spread across Canada , roughly half of which are in the provinces of Ontario and British Columbia . Under Charter Jurisprudence , First Nations are a designated group , along with women , visible minorities , and people with physical or mental disabilities . First Nations are not defined as a visible minority by the criteria of Statistics Canada . North American indigenous peoples have cultures spanning thousands of years . Some of their oral traditions accurately describe historical events , such as the Cascadia earthquake of 1700 and the 18th-century Tseax Cone eruption . Written records began with the arrival of European explorers and colonists during the Age of Discovery , beginning in the late 15th century . European accounts by trappers , traders , explorers , and missionaries give important evidence of early contact culture . In addition , archeological and anthropological research , as well as linguistics , have helped scholars piece together an understanding of ancient cultures and historic peoples . Although not without conflict , early Québécers ' , Acadians ' , and Newfoundlanders ' interactions with First Nations , Métis , and Inuit populations were less combative compared to the often violent battles between colonists and native peoples in the United States . Archibald Stansfeld Belaney ( September 18 , 1888 - April 13 , 1938 ) , commonly known as Grey Owl , was a British-born conservationist , fur trapper , and writer who pretended to be a First Nations person . While he achieved fame as a conservationist during his life , after his death the reveation that he was not Indigenous , along with other autobiographical fabrications , negatively affected his reputation . Belaney rose to prominence as a notable author and lecturer , primarily on environmental issues . In working with the National Parks Branch , Grey Owl became the subject of many films , and was established as the 'caretaker of park animals ' at Riding Mountain National Park in Manitoba in 1931 . Together with his numerous articles , books , films and lectures , his views on conservation reached audiences beyond the borders of Canada . His conservation views largely focused on humans ' negative impact on nature through their commodification of nature 's resources for profits , and a need for humans to develop a respect for the natural world . Recognition of Belaney has included biographies , a historic plaque at his birthplace , and a 1999 biopic about his life by the director Richard Attenborough . The Ojibwe , Ojibwa , Chippewa , or Saulteaux are an Anishinaabe people of Canada and the northern Midwestern United States . They are one of the most numerous indigenous peoples north of the Rio Grande . In Canada , they are the second-largest First Nations population , surpassed only by the Cree . In the United States , they have the fifth-largest population among Native American peoples , surpassed in number only by the Navajo , Cherokee , Choctaw and Sioux . The Ojibwe people traditionally speak the Ojibwe language , a branch of the Algonquian language family . They are part of the Council of Three Fires and the Anishinaabeg , which include the Algonquin , Nipissing , Oji-Cree , Odawa and the Potawatomi . Historically , through the Saulteaux branch , they were a part of the Iron Confederacy , joining the Cree , Assiniboine , and Metis . The majority of the Ojibwe people live in the United States . There are 77,940 mainline Ojibwe ; 76,760 Saulteaux ; and 8,770 Mississauga , organized in 125 bands . They live from western Quebec to eastern British Columbia . As of 2010 [ update ] , Ojibwe in the U.S. census population is 170,742 . The Ojibwe are known for their birch bark canoes , birch bark scrolls , mining and trade in copper , as well as their cultivation of wild rice and maple syrup .", 'title': 'List of fictional rodents in literature 3', 'question': 'What did the author of The Adventures of Sajo and her Beaver People pretend to be ?', 'question_id': '94be7ea80e6e0ec0_02', 'is_impossible': False, 'answers': [{'answer_start': 4611, 'text': 'indigenous'}]}