{'question_id': '0070e6a224260f56', 'question': 'How many Primera División titles has the team that plays in the biggest arena won ?', 'table_id': 'List_of_football_stadiums_in_Paraguay_0', 'table_row': {'#': '1', 'Stadium': 'Estadio General Pablo Rojas', 'Capacity': '45,000', 'City': 'Asunción', 'Home team': 'Cerro Porteño'}, 'table_passage_row_old': "Estadio General Pablo Rojas ( locally known as La Olla ) is a football stadium in the neighbourhood of Barrio Obrero in Asunción , Paraguay . It is the home venue of Cerro Porteño . The stadium is named after former club president Pablo Rojas . This stadium was used during the 1999 Copa América , hosting games by Uruguay and Colombia . Since 2015 , the stadium is undergoing expansion and remodeling works in order to increase its capacity to 45,000 people .Asunción ( UK : /əˌsʊnsiˈɒn/ , US : /ɑːˌsuːnsiˈoʊn , ɑːsuːnˈsjoʊn/ , Spanish : [ asunˈsjon ] ) is the capital and largest city of Paraguay . The city is located on the left bank of the Paraguay River , almost at the confluence of this river with the River Pilcomayo , on the South American continent . The Paraguay River and the Bay of Asunción in the northwest separate the city from the Occidental Region of Paraguay and Argentina in the south part of the city . The rest of the city is surrounded by the Central Department . The city is an autonomous capital district , not a part of any department . The metropolitan area , called Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby , San Antonio , Limpio , Capiatá and Villa Elisa , which are part of the Central Department . The Asunción metropolitan area has around two million inhabitants . The Municipality of Asunción is listed on the Asunción Stock Exchange , as BVPASA : MUA . Asunción is one of the oldest cities in South America and the longest continually inhabited area in the Río de la Plata Basin ; for this reason it is known as the Mother of Cities . From Asunción the colonial expeditions departed to found other cities , including the second foundation of Buenos Aires and other important cities such as Villarrica , Corrientes , Santa Fe and Santa Cruz de la Sierra . Asunción is considered a 'gamma city ' by the study GaWC5 . It is the home of the national government , principal port , and the chief industrial and cultural center of the country .Club Cerro Porteño is a professional Paraguayan football club , based in the neighbourhood of Barrio Obrero in Asunción . Founded in 1912 , Cerro has won 32 Primera División titles and is one of the most popular football clubs in Paraguay . Its president is Raúl Zapag , from Paraguay , and the manager is Francisco Arce . Its main rivals are Olimpia and Libertad . They play their home games at the General Pablo Rojas Stadium , also known as La Nueva Olla ( The New Boiler ) .", 'table_passage_row': "Club Cerro Porteño is a professional Paraguayan football club , based in the neighbourhood of Barrio Obrero in Asunción . Founded in 1912 , Cerro has won 32 Primera División titles and is one of the most popular football clubs in Paraguay . Its president is Raúl Zapag , from Paraguay , and the manager is Francisco Arce . Its main rivals are Olimpia and Libertad . They play their home games at the General Pablo Rojas Stadium , also known as La Nueva Olla ( The New Boiler ) . Asunción ( UK : /əˌsʊnsiˈɒn/ , US : /ɑːˌsuːnsiˈoʊn , ɑːsuːnˈsjoʊn/ , Spanish : [ asunˈsjon ] ) is the capital and largest city of Paraguay . The city is located on the left bank of the Paraguay River , almost at the confluence of this river with the River Pilcomayo , on the South American continent . The Paraguay River and the Bay of Asunción in the northwest separate the city from the Occidental Region of Paraguay and Argentina in the south part of the city . The rest of the city is surrounded by the Central Department . The city is an autonomous capital district , not a part of any department . The metropolitan area , called Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby , San Antonio , Limpio , Capiatá and Villa Elisa , which are part of the Central Department . The Asunción metropolitan area has around two million inhabitants . The Municipality of Asunción is listed on the Asunción Stock Exchange , as BVPASA : MUA . Asunción is one of the oldest cities in South America and the longest continually inhabited area in the Río de la Plata Basin ; for this reason it is known as the Mother of Cities . From Asunción the colonial expeditions departed to found other cities , including the second foundation of Buenos Aires and other important cities such as Villarrica , Corrientes , Santa Fe and Santa Cruz de la Sierra . Asunción is considered a 'gamma city ' by the study GaWC5 . It is the home of the national government , principal port , and the chief industrial and cultural center of the country . Estadio General Pablo Rojas ( locally known as La Olla ) is a football stadium in the neighbourhood of Barrio Obrero in Asunción , Paraguay . It is the home venue of Cerro Porteño . The stadium is named after former club president Pablo Rojas . This stadium was used during the 1999 Copa América , hosting games by Uruguay and Colombia . Since 2015 , the stadium is undergoing expansion and remodeling works in order to increase its capacity to 45,000 people .", 'row_rank': 0, 'answer-text': '32', 'label': 1, 'label_new': 1}